---
layout: post
title: Week Four!
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week I did some of the readings in preparation for in class quizzes. I also created the repo for Netflix and added some files. Sadly, I was out of town for some time so I did not get much done on Netflix. 

### What's in your way?
Since I did not do very much this week, I need to go over the requirements for Netflix and plan a solution.

### What will you do next week?
Next week, I will start working on Netflix and hopefully finishing before Thursday. I will also try to do the readings before class.


### Class Experience:
This week we talked about several things that python has including: generators, map function, comprehensions, iterables, and function keywords, defaults, and unpacking. Learning Python is sometimes very confusing because similar things act very differently. For example, look at this code from FunctionDefaults.py:

```python
def h1 (x = []) : # mutable default
    x += [2]
    return x

assert h1()    == [2]
assert h1()    == [2, 2]
assert h1([1]) == [1, 2]
assert h1()    == [2, 2, 2]
assert h1([1]) == [1, 2]



def h2 (x = ()) : # immutable default
    x += (2,)
    return x

assert h2()     == (2,)
assert h2()     == (2,)
assert h2((1,)) == (1, 2)
assert h2()     == (2,)
assert h2((1,)) == (1, 2)
```

As you can see, these are two functions that have default variables as parameters. h1 has a list as a default parameter while h2 has a tuple as a default parameter. Now, when we call h1(), a 2 will be add with every call and the value stays there. However, every call to h2() will always create a new tuple that has only one 2 in it (or if a value was passed in, then it would have that value too). I thought that was an interesting and unexpected behavior. Looking forward to see similar behaviors as we continue learning python this semester. 


### Tip of the week:

If you ever wanted to export a repo with everything it (including other branches) had I would look at this stackoverflow [answer](http://stackoverflow.com/a/30483494/5250796)
