---
layout: post
title: Week Ten!
---

### What did you do this past week?

Last week, we finished the second group project. I was working on the backend 
where we dealt with defining our endpoints, and fixing the code we wrote during 
the first project to make it run. One of the hardest parts was making an endpoint for 
running the unit tests. While searching for a way to run python unit tests from another file online,
we found different answers but a lot of them didn’t not seem to work as we wanted. 
We ended up using python’s subprocess library and then using it to run the file as if we were running it from the
command line and then we grabbed its output and we returned the output when the endpoint was called. Also, setting up
a database to work with Travis CI was also interesting. Travis CI allows you to have a database that uses a certain
configuration (username, password, host, etc) that they provide. However, we ran into a problem setting that up because of the way our Models
were defined. Our models inherit from flask-SQLalchemy’s `db.Model` while some examples online inherit from sqlalchemy’s Base.
There seems to be some minimal differences between them. However, the problem we ran into was getting `db` 
(which was initialized with our production database information), to use the Travis CI’s database information.
We needed to import `db` into our unit tests file to have access to the database, but we couldn’t figure out how to reconfigure it so it would work with Travis' database configuration. After many tries, we realized that we could import ‘db’ as usual but then we could overwrite its configuration by doing:

```python
    self.engine = create_engine("postgresql://" + test_db_config['user'] + ":" + test_db_config['pass'] + "@" + test_db_config['host'] + "/" + test_db_config['db_name'])
    db.metadata.create_all(self.engine)
```
This sets up a new engine in the setUp function of the Test class using the test database configuration information, and then creating  all the databases in the `db` using this new engine.

### What's in your way?

Currently not much as we are waiting for the new project to be announced. 

### What will you do next week?

I am hoping to get an early start on the next project just to make sure we have enough time to finish it well.

### Class Experience

Class has been interesting as usual. This past week we continued discussing different SQL topics but we are now moving to discuss refactoring.

### Tip-of-the-week

This week’s Food for Thought is going to with Quora and they’ll talk about "From College to Industry: Making the Most of Your Internship or First Job”. It’s going to be in GDC 6.302 from 12:30pm - 1:30pm. Should be an interesting session. 

