---
published: false
---

### What did you do this past week?

This past week I continued working on Collatz and trying to get it to pass Sphere. I also did some of the readings assigned.

### What’s in your way?

My current solution for Collatz produces correct results. However, it keeps timing out when running it on Sphere.

### What will you do next week?

For next week, I plan on making my solution more optimized to hopefully pass Sphere. Then I will work on creating more acceptance and unit tests. I also tried to run cProfile on RunCollatz.py but that didn’t seem to work for some reason. I will have to look into it more in the next couple of days. I will also try to finish the readings to be ready for the quizzes.


### Class Experience 

This week we covered optimizing code to finding if a given number is prime or not. We also covered exception handling in python and finding factorials of a given number. It was interesting to see how fast the built in factorial function was compared to our other implementations. It was then revealed the the built in factorial function is written in C which made it a lot faster than our python implementations which was an interesting and new concept to me.

### Tip-Of-The-Week

If you are trying to develop something to use on a product/service and have questions that you don’t want to ask on stackoverflow, then I would recommend seeing if there’s a subreddit on the website reddit.com people who are interested in developing software for that thing. I found out you can get a lot of help from these subreddits. 

